Add more information about manageSystem permission (#549)
codenvy/che-docs: src/main/pages/developer-guide/logging.adoc

----
CHE_LOGGER_CONFIG=org.eclipse.che=DEBUG,org.eclipse.che.api.installer.server.impl.LocalInstallerRegistry=OFF 
----

Che Server also has an option to view and edit logger configuration during runtime through following REST services:

[cols=",,",options="header",]
|===

> |GET | logger/ - | get list of all loggers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|GET | `logger/ -` | get list of all loggers
```

> |GET | logger/{name} | get info about particular logger

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|GET | `logger/{name}` | get info about particular logger
```

> |POST | logger/{name} | update logger configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|POST | `logger/{name}` | update logger configuration
```

> |PUT | logger/{name} | create logger configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|PUT | `logger/{name}` | create logger configuration
```

|===

> E.g., sending PUT request with following configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, sending PUT request with following configuration
```

```
{
  "name" : "org.eclipse.che.api.workspace.activity"
  "level" : "DEBUG"
}
```

> will add logger level configuration that will set DEBUG level for loggers in `org.eclipse.che.api.workspace.activity` package

Reviewer 2: will change logger level

> will add logger level configuration that will set DEBUG level for loggers in `org.eclipse.che.api.workspace.activity` package

Reviewer: ```suggestion
adds logger level configuration that sets the `DEBUG` level for loggers in the `org.eclipse.che.api.workspace.activity` package.
```
